Docs, hydrator extensions (#55)
yiisoft/form-model: docs/guide/en/form-hydrator.md

The parameters are the same as in [`populate()`](#populate). But, unlike [`validate()`](#validate), the method returns
just whether the validation was successful. Validation result is still available via form's dedicated method though.

## Hydrator extensions

This package provides some extensions for hydrator you can use:

> - `NonArrayTypeCaster` - type caster ensuring that non-array value for property of array type is converted to an empty 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NonArrayTypeCaster` - type caster ensuring that a non-array value such as string provided for property of array type is converted into an empty 
```
